# Service Level Agreement Standard Terms

1. ## Uptime

    1.1 <span class="header_3">Target Uptime.</span>  <span class="keyterms_link">Provider</span> will use commercially reasonable efforts to make the Cloud Service available for at least the <span class="orderform_link">Target Uptime</span> as calculated each calendar month.

    1.2 <span class="header_3">Uptime Calculation.</span>  <span class="keyterms_link">Provider</span> and <span class="keyterms_link">Customer</span> agree to calculate availability of the Cloud Service as the total number of Available Minutes minus the number of Downtime Minutes, divided by the total number of Available Minutes, measured in a calendar month. If the <span class="orderform_link">Subscription Period</span> includes a partial month, the numerator and denominator will only include the days that are part of the <span class="orderform_link">Subscription Period</span> for that month.

    1.3 <span class="header_3">Scheduling Downtime.</span>  If <span class="keyterms_link">Provider</span> does not notify <span class="keyterms_link">Customer</span> about Scheduled Downtime before the <span class="orderform_link">Maintenance Notification Time</span>, that period of unavailability will not qualify as Scheduled Downtime and will count as Downtime Minutes. <span class="keyterms_link">Provider</span> may notify <span class="keyterms_link">Customer</span> about Scheduled Downtime by electronic means, including by email, on the Cloud Service, or on <span class="keyterms_link">Provider’s</span> website.

2. ## Remedies

    2.1 <span class="header_3">Service Credit.</span>  If Cloud Service availability falls below the <span class="orderform_link">Target Uptime</span>, <span class="keyterms_link">Customer</span> is eligible to receive a <span class="orderform_link">Service Credit</span>. <span class="orderform_link">Service Credits</span> only apply towards future Cloud Service fees owed by <span class="keyterms_link">Customer</span> to <span class="keyterms_link">Provider</span>.

    2.2 <span class="header_3">Requesting A Service Credit.</span>  To receive a <span class="orderform_link">Service Credit</span>, <span class="keyterms_link">Customer</span> must notify <span class="keyterms_link">Provider</span> within 7 days of the end of the month where <span class="keyterms_link">Customer</span> experienced Cloud Service unavailability, otherwise <span class="orderform_link">Service Credit</span> eligibility will expire for that month. <span class="keyterms_link">Customer</span> must include information about when it was unable to access the Cloud Service and may be required to provide additional details about its attempts to access the Cloud Service. If <span class="keyterms_link">Provider</span> can verify Cloud Service unavailability in its internal monitoring systems and the disruption does not qualify as Excluded Minutes or Scheduled Downtime, <span class="keyterms_link">Provider</span> will calculate and issue the applicable <span class="orderform_link">Service Credit</span> on <span class="keyterms_link">Customer’s</span> account to apply towards a future invoice.

    2.3 <span class="header_3">Service Credit Limitations.</span>  <span class="orderform_link">Service Credits</span> may not be exchanged for, or converted to, monetary amounts. <span class="orderform_link">Service Credits</span> do not earn interest. <span class="orderform_link">Service Credits</span> will not accumulate within a single <span class="orderform_link">Subscription Period</span> in an amount more than 1 months’ worth of Cloud Service fees. However, for <span class="orderform_link">Invoice Periods</span> shorter than one year, <span class="orderform_link">Service Credits</span> will not accumulate within an <span class="orderform_link">Invoice Period</span> in an amount more than 5% of the Cloud Service fees in that <span class="orderform_link">Invoice Period</span>.

    2.4 <span class="header_3">Termination.</span>  If the Cloud Service does not meet the <span class="orderform_link">Target Uptime</span> for two (2) out of any three (3) consecutive months and <span class="keyterms_link">Customer</span> notified <span class="keyterms_link">Provider</span> of the failures within 7 days of the end of each impacted month, <span class="keyterms_link">Customer</span> may immediately terminate the affected Order Form by giving written notice to <span class="keyterms_link">Provider</span>. If <span class="keyterms_link">Customer</span> terminates an Order Form under this section, <span class="keyterms_link">Provider</span> will pay to <span class="keyterms_link">Customer</span> a prorated refund of prepaid fees for the remainder of the <span class="orderform_link">Subscription Period</span>.

    2.5 <span class="header_3">Exclusive Remedy.</span>  This SLA describes <span class="keyterms_link">Customer’s</span> exclusive remedy and <span class="keyterms_link">Provider’s</span> entire liability for any failure of the Cloud Service to meet the <span class="orderform_link">Target Uptime</span>.

3. ## Definitions

    **“Available Minutes”** means the total number of minutes in a calendar month, minus Excluded Minutes and Scheduled Downtime.

    **“Downtime Minutes”** means the total number of minutes in a calendar month when the Cloud Service is not available to Customer, as confirmed by <span class="keyterms_link">Provider’s</span> internal monitoring systems, minus Excluded Minutes and Scheduled Downtime.

    **“Excluded Minutes”** means when the Cloud Service is not available because of (a) a Force Majeure Event; (b) general Internet connectivity issues; (c) equipment or software made available by anyone other than <span class="keyterms_link">Provider</span> and that is not within <span class="keyterms_link">Provider’s</span> reasonable control; or (d) <span class="keyterms_link">Customer’s</span> use of the Cloud Service in a manner not authorized by the Agreement.

    **“Scheduled Downtime”** means time periods that occur during the <span class="orderform_link">Maintenance Window</span> where the Cloud Service is not available to <span class="keyterms_link">Customer</span>.
